CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to mm-ibkr-gateway

Thank you for your interest in contributing! This document provides guidelines for contributing to the project.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.10 or higher
- Poetry for dependency management
- IBKR account with paper trading access (for integration tests)
- IBKR Gateway or TWS

### Development Setup

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MrRolie/mm-ibkr-gateway.git
   cd mm-ibkr-gateway
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   poetry install
   ```

3. **Configure environment**:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   # Edit .env with your settings (use paper mode!)
   ```

4. **Run tests**:
   ```bash
   # Unit tests only
   poetry run pytest -m "not integration"

   # All tests (requires IBKR Gateway running)
   poetry run pytest
   ```

## Development Workflow

### Branch Strategy

- `main` - Stable, tested code
- `develop` - Integration branch (if used)
- Feature branches: `feature/your-feature-name`
- Bug fixes: `fix/issue-description`

### Making Changes

1. **Create a branch**:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

2. **Make your changes**:
   - Write code following existing style
   - Add tests for new functionality
   - Update documentation

3. **Run quality checks**:
   ```bash
   # Format code
   poetry run black .
   poetry run isort .

   # Lint
   poetry run flake8

   # Type check
   poetry run mypy ibkr_core api mcp_server

   # Run tests
   poetry run pytest -m "not integration"
   ```

4. **Commit**:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "feat: add new feature"
   ```

   Use conventional commits:
   - `feat:` - New feature
   - `fix:` - Bug fix
   - `docs:` - Documentation changes
   - `test:` - Test changes
   - `refactor:` - Code refactoring
   - `chore:` - Maintenance tasks

5. **Push and create PR**:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```

## Code Style

- **Formatting**: Black with line length 100
- **Import sorting**: isort with black profile
- **Type hints**: Use type hints for all functions
- **Docstrings**: Google style docstrings for public APIs

## Testing Guidelines

### Test Organization

- Unit tests: Mock external dependencies (IBKR client)
- Integration tests: Mark with `@pytest.mark.integration`
- Place tests in `tests/` matching module structure

### Test Requirements

- All new features must have tests
- Aim for >80% code coverage
- Integration tests should be idempotent

### Running Specific Tests

```bash
# Single file
pytest tests/test_client.py

# Single test
pytest tests/test_client.py::test_connection

# By marker
pytest -m integration
```

## Documentation

Update documentation when:
- Adding new features
- Changing public APIs
- Modifying configuration options
- Adding new dependencies

Files to update:
- `README.md` - User-facing documentation
- `api/API.md` - API endpoint documentation
- `.context/PHASE_PLAN.md` - Implementation tracking
- `.context/TODO_BACKLOG.md` - Task tracking
- Docstrings in code

## Pull Request Process

1. **Ensure tests pass**:
   ```bash
   poetry run pytest -m "not integration"
   ```

2. **Update documentation** if needed

3. **Create PR** with:
   - Clear title and description
   - Reference related issues
   - List of changes
   - Testing performed

4. **Code review**: Maintainers will review and provide feedback

5. **Address feedback**: Make requested changes

6. **Merge**: Maintainers will merge when approved

## Questions?

- Open an issue for bugs or feature requests at https://github.com/MrRolie/mm-ibkr-gateway/issues
- Start a discussion for questions at https://github.com/MrRolie/mm-ibkr-gateway/discussions
- For security issues, use GitHub Security Advisories

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Centralizes runtime config in config.json and migrates trading controls to mm-control
Centralizes operational settings into a ProgramData config.json and migrates trading controls to mm-control's control.json to improve safety, discoverability, and runtime manageability.

- Separates secrets (.env) from operational config (config.json) and control state (control.json).
- Replaces environment-driven runtime values with a typed runtime config used across the app (logging, request timeout, API bind/port, run window, IBKR ports/paths, audit/log paths, etc.).
- Moves trading controls (trading_mode, orders_enabled, dry_run, live_trading_override_file) to mm-control control.json; preserves legacy guard/toggle info for transition and surfaces both in admin status.
- Adds admin API endpoints to get/update config.json with validation, audit logging, and a restart_required hint; moves restart ACL to an admin_restart_enabled config flag.
- Updates Windows deployment scripts and PowerShell tooling to read/write config.json and use control.json; adds helpers for config access.
- Integrates runtime config across modules (API runner, middleware, logging, scheduling, persistence, order safety checks) and updates tests and documentation to reflect the new config model.

Improves safety and operational clarity by centralizing configuration and providing controlled runtime update surface.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to mm-ibkr-gateway

Thank you for your interest in contributing! This document provides guidelines for contributing to the project.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.10 or higher
- Poetry for dependency management
- IBKR account with paper trading access (for integration tests)
- IBKR Gateway or TWS

### Development Setup

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MrRolie/mm-ibkr-gateway.git
   cd mm-ibkr-gateway
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   poetry install
   ```

3. **Configure runtime settings**:
   ```bash
   # Optional: secrets (API_KEY/ADMIN_TOKEN)
   cp .env.example .env

   # Create config.json (operational settings)
   # See deploy/windows/README.md for the full list of keys
   ```

4. **Run tests**:
   ```bash
   # Unit tests only
   poetry run pytest -m "not integration"

   # All tests (requires IBKR Gateway running)
   poetry run pytest
   ```

## Development Workflow

### Branch Strategy

- `main` - Stable, tested code
- `develop` - Integration branch (if used)
- Feature branches: `feature/your-feature-name`
- Bug fixes: `fix/issue-description`

### Making Changes

1. **Create a branch**:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

2. **Make your changes**:
   - Write code following existing style
   - Add tests for new functionality
   - Update documentation

3. **Run quality checks**:
   ```bash
   # Format code
   poetry run black .
   poetry run isort .

   # Lint
   poetry run flake8

   # Type check
   poetry run mypy ibkr_core api mcp_server

   # Run tests
   poetry run pytest -m "not integration"
   ```

4. **Commit**:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "feat: add new feature"
   ```

   Use conventional commits:
   - `feat:` - New feature
   - `fix:` - Bug fix
   - `docs:` - Documentation changes
   - `test:` - Test changes
   - `refactor:` - Code refactoring
   - `chore:` - Maintenance tasks

5. **Push and create PR**:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```

## Code Style

- **Formatting**: Black with line length 100
- **Import sorting**: isort with black profile
- **Type hints**: Use type hints for all functions
- **Docstrings**: Google style docstrings for public APIs

## Testing Guidelines

### Test Organization

- Unit tests: Mock external dependencies (IBKR client)
- Integration tests: Mark with `@pytest.mark.integration`
- Place tests in `tests/` matching module structure

### Test Requirements

- All new features must have tests
- Aim for >80% code coverage
- Integration tests should be idempotent

### Running Specific Tests

```bash
# Single file
pytest tests/test_client.py

# Single test
pytest tests/test_client.py::test_connection

# By marker
pytest -m integration
```

## Documentation

Update documentation when:
- Adding new features
- Changing public APIs
- Modifying configuration options
- Adding new dependencies

Files to update:
- `README.md` - User-facing documentation
- `api/API.md` - API endpoint documentation
- `.context/PHASE_PLAN.md` - Implementation tracking
- `.context/TODO_BACKLOG.md` - Task tracking
- Docstrings in code

## Pull Request Process

1. **Ensure tests pass**:
   ```bash
   poetry run pytest -m "not integration"
   ```

2. **Update documentation** if needed

3. **Create PR** with:
   - Clear title and description
   - Reference related issues
   - List of changes
   - Testing performed

4. **Code review**: Maintainers will review and provide feedback

5. **Address feedback**: Make requested changes

6. **Merge**: Maintainers will merge when approved

## Questions?

- Open an issue for bugs or feature requests at https://github.com/MrRolie/mm-ibkr-gateway/issues
- Start a discussion for questions at https://github.com/MrRolie/mm-ibkr-gateway/discussions
- For security issues, use GitHub Security Advisories

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the MIT License.
